README.md, before:

# Hi there, I am Kinar(EGOR-IND) 👋

I am a developer who is passionate about application development.
<!-- blank line -->
## Connect with me!

  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/kinar-sharma-a39b45190/" rel="nofollow noreferrer">
    <img src="https://image.flaticon.com/icons/png/512/174/174857.png" width="50px" alt="linkedin">
  </a> &nbsp; &nbsp; 
  <a href="https://github.com/EGOR-IND" rel="nofollow noreferrer">
     <img src="https://image.flaticon.com/icons/png/512/25/25231.png" width="50px" alt="github">
  </a> &nbsp; &nbsp; 
  <a href="https://twitter.com/kinar_sharma" rel="nofollow noreferrer">
     <img src="https://cdn.iconscout.com/icon/free/png-256/twitter-213-569318.png" width="50px" alt="twitter">
  </a>
  
<br />
<br />
---

<details open>
    <summary>⚡ My GitHub Stats </summary>
    <br>
    <p align="center">
        <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=EGOR-IND&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=radical"/>
    </p>
</details>
<!-- blank line -->

---

Commit message:

Add some more content about my skills.

README.md, after:

# Hi there, I am Kinar(EGOR-IND) 👋

I am a developer who is passionate about application development, I mean any type of application, but currently I'm comfortable in working with below mentioned technologies.

#### Android Development
- JAVA
- Kotlin( learning)
- Firebase for database
- SQL for database(learning)

#### Web App Development(learning)
- HTML5
- CSS
- Vanilla JS(if you know what I mean)
- jquery
- AJAX

As I mentioned in the heading of this section that I'm learning Web App development, so I'll keep updating the list of the skills I'm learning.

<!-- blank line -->
## Connect with me!

  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/kinar-sharma-a39b45190/" rel="nofollow noreferrer">
    <img src="https://image.flaticon.com/icons/png/512/174/174857.png" width="50px" alt="linkedin">
  </a> &nbsp; &nbsp; 
  <a href="https://github.com/EGOR-IND" rel="nofollow noreferrer">
     <img src="https://image.flaticon.com/icons/png/512/25/25231.png" width="50px" alt="github">
  </a> &nbsp; &nbsp; 
  <a href="https://twitter.com/kinar_sharma" rel="nofollow noreferrer">
     <img src="https://cdn.iconscout.com/icon/free/png-256/twitter-213-569318.png" width="50px" alt="twitter">
  </a>
  
<br />
<br />
---

<details open>
    <summary>⚡ My GitHub Stats </summary>
    <br>
    <p align="center">
        <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=EGOR-IND&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=radical"/>
    </p>
</details>
<!-- blank line -->

---
